This is [[pson]], a Rubygem for converting (some) Ruby objects
into the (hypothetical) PostScript Object Notation.  Numbers,
strings, symbols, arrays, hashes, and Boolean values are
supported.

You can convert a supported object by calling the
[[to_postscript]] method, and the recursive converters (for
lists and dictionaries) follow this protocol, too.  Thus, if you
should implement, say, PostScript transformation matrices,
paths, or code blocks by defining a new Ruby class, you can
provide a compatible conversion mechanism by implementing the
same method.

Note that there's no matching parser.


== Copyright and licensing

This library is copyright (c) 2014 by Andres Soolo and Knitten
Development OÃœ.  It is published as free software under the
terms and conditions of the GNU General Public License version
3.

It is the default policy of us at Knitten Development to release
our free software under the GPL v3, which we believe provides a
reasonable and well-considered, if somewhat conservative,
balance between the interests and concerns of producers,
consumers, and prosumers of free software.  However, we realise
that some users of our free software may be better served by
other balances.  For this reason, Knitten Development would like
it be known that:

- we are willing to consider, on a case-by-case basis, offering
  packages of our free software optionally also under certain
  other open source software licenses, as certified by the Open
  Source Initiative(tm), provided that this furthers the
  creation or advancement of specific free software projects
  that Knitten Development may find worthwile, at our
  discretion; and

- we are available to negotiate standard non-exclusive
  commercial licenses for free software that we have released,
  in exchange for a reasonable fee.

For any enquiries, please write to
<licensing@knitten-dev.co.uk>.
